alright everyone we are back and let me
show you what we're going to cook for
you next and this really i think is
going to be my favorite because you use
pork this is a wiener wiener schnitzel
mean a schnitzel alright yes I love it
we're gonna learn how to do that right
now you go and the potatoes yeah
probably the best thing ever roasted
roasted potatoes with onions and bacon
and just salt and pepper when you know
when the chef says that that you've got
to do this recipe so show us how to do
it it's easy right absolutely okay how
do we start hearing easy now what I used
are fingerling potatoes this one I
cooked roughly I don't know I think like
eight nine ten minutes or so okay boiled
it just boils and boil it with the skin
and then you peel off the skin no skin
on your particular never skin on German
roast potatoes never okay never know
okay anyway so that's what I did already
okay and then you cut them nice and thin
was a quarter inch yeah perfect
something all right now we did that we
cut we cut some onions and Julian all
right I know Laura did that already so
of course a bad she told me she really
wanted to do it again with no we have
enough we have plenty of onions we got
some bacon and just cut in nice little
stripes you can also cut it in little
cubes correct that's the whole
preparation so where we start up a pen
we have a nice hot pan yeah put a little
oil in it Laura he's gonna make me do
this one but I love potatoes so this is
gonna be easy tell me how much oil a
little less than a quarter inch nope no
more that's actually perfect now we're
gonna start with the potatoes the
potatoes already cut I was grabbing for
the onion that's what it oh yeah that's
what the order the order is the way we
started potatoes first okay because the
potatoes take the longest to get nice
and crispy and cook we're gonna let it
cook just for a little bit not right
well let that cook but we gonna get to
the pork let's try that okay we gonna
start to make the v national club okay
now i have like a whole pork loin here
already cleaned up when you go to your
butcher you can get them already cut in
three or four arms pieces right and what
i did you panted it out i pound it a
trapeze alone already but i want you to
pound run
that's the fun part I like that what we
gonna use is we're gonna use a ziploc
bag okay open it up and no I gonna help
you with that and then you gonna pound
it we want to give it a nice whack I
feel like I'm beating them hit it hit it
Laura okay hit it you see we can feel it
now wonderful reading it starts out with
salt and pepper salt salt pepper pepper
okay hey this is fun alright then let's
stop wonderful and now the first thing
we're gonna do what do you thing when
you redo breading with a green green
what do we start we do dry wet dry it's
very nice yes one piece and the flower
just very lightly start with this one
turn it around turn around okay she
shake it off a little bit a little more
check it off a little more good I know
we're gonna put it in the end besides
he'll all right get wonderful no grab
some crumbs put him on top right a lot
of it and not what works really well so
the Brad come stick on it you're going
to use their fists and you're going to
just press it down just like that set go
exactly let's put that right here okay
okay and now we're moving bed already
let's come over here let's put some
bacon in there about that perfect okay
perfect and then it is gonna mix it and
I still haven't added the onion dip
don't you're gonna be all the way again
and I was gonna make them up and all we
gonna let that cook a little bit look
it's an like medium heat not too hot
because you're gonna burn the potatoes
like I did and you I like em burnt
actually just nice and crispy and
diagram can I like that too okay good
I'm gonna give it in one piece yep
remember all the recipes are on our
website bringing it home com there we go
how's that wonderful good perfect yeah
very nice so now the potatoes the
potatoes are almost done so what we
gonna nairn are we gonna add some onions
how much all are not just half of it
just about half
that's all that you know you like that
good one okay okay let's and hook a
little bit we heated up the pan already
and and i added a good amount of oil
okay i'll put it in wonderful that's a
no look at that and now it starts nice
bubbling on the side yes and this is
perfect that's perfect how many minutes
on each side around I would think around
3-4 minutes on each side and that's it
well let's plate this up alright and
talk to me about the restaurant now
you're open every day we open every day
except monday if you're not gonna do
oktoberfest at home you have to get to
the restaurant in alameda and check out
his oktoberfest party i'm gonna show you
something are you ready for these this
is what I'm bringing to your oktoberfest
celebration what do you think of this oh
no my leader hose that is really nice do
you like that I love it all right you
guys you know how to make oktoberfest
recipes now peter has shown you you know
where to go to enjoy an oktoberfest
celebration at his restaurant spice and
common buying the comer in alameda there
we go there it is and if you want to see
me excuse me if you want to see me
little you need to come will you be
there every Sunday Logan isn't okay for
anything we're gonna hold him to it
we're gonna go to some wine how do you
say cheers in german ghost roast to you
Cal Denison let's go check it out